[DOC] Correct the search tutorial. (#2190)
seqan/seqan3: doc/tutorial/search/index.md

## Searching for approximate hits

Up until now, we have seen that we can call the search with the query sequences and the index. In addition, we
can provide a third parameter to provide a user defined
\ref search_configuration_section_introduction "search configuration".

> If we do not provide a user defined search configuration, the seqan3::search_cfg::default_configuration will be used

Author: ```suggestion
If we do not provide a user defined search configuration, the seqan3::search_cfg::default_configuration will be used,
```

> which triggers an exact search finding all hits for a particular query. In the following we will see how we can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which triggers an exact search, finding all hits for a particular query. In the following we will see how we can
```

Author: And a comma before which.

change the behaviour of the search algorithm by providing a user defined search configuration.

### Max error configuration

You can specify the error configuration for the approximate search using the
\ref search_configuration_subsection_error "seqan3::search_cfg::max_error_*" configuration.
Here you can use a combination of the following configuration elements to specify exactly how the errors can be
distributed during the search:
 - seqan3::search_cfg::max_error_total,
 - seqan3::search_cfg::max_error_substitution,
 - seqan3::search_cfg::max_error_insertion and
 - seqan3::search_cfg::max_error_deletion.

Each of the configuration elements can be constructed with either an absolute number of errors or an error rate
depending on the context. These are represented by the following types:

- seqan3::search_cfg::error_count: Absolute number of errors
- seqan3::search_cfg::error_rate: Rate of errors \f$\in[0,1]\f$

By combining the different error types using the `|`-operator, we give you full control over the error distribution.
Thus, it is possible to set an upper limit of allowed errors but also to refine the error distribution by specifying the

> allowed errors for either substitutions, insertions, or deletions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allowed errors for substitutions, insertions, or deletions.
```

either...or implies mutually exclusive

\note When using >= 2 errors it is advisable to use a Bi-FM-Index since searches will be faster.

For example, to search for either 1 insertion or 1 deletion you can write:

\snippet doc/tutorial/search/search_small_snippets.cpp error_search

Here, we restrict the approximate search to only allow one error. This can be then either an insertion or a deletion
but not both, since that would exceed the total error limit.
This basically means that the error counts/rates do not have to sum up to the total of errors allowed:

\snippet doc/tutorial/search/search_small_snippets.cpp error_sum

> In the above example we allow 2 errors which can be any combination of 2 substitutions, 1 insertion and 1 deletion.

Author: ```suggestion
In the above example we allow 2 errors, which can be any combination of 2 substitutions, 1 insertion and 1 deletion.
```

> Defining only the total will set all error types to this value, i.e. if total error is set to an error count of 2 any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defining only the total will set all error types to this value, i.e. if total error is set to an error count of 2, any
```

> combinations of 2 substitutions, 2 insertions and 2 deletions is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
combination of 2 substitutions, 2 insertions and 2 deletions is allowed.
```

> On the other hand, when defining any of the error types, but no total, the total will be set to the sum of all error

Author: ```suggestion
On the other hand, when defining any of the error types but no total, the total will be set to the sum of all error
```

> types. For example, if we would not specify an total error of 1 in the first example above the total error would be set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
types. For example, if we would not specify an total error of 1 in the first example above, the total error would be set
```

 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:36>,
 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:41>,
 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:57>,
 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:62>,
 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:75>,
 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:77>,
 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:83>,
 <query_id:0, reference_id:0, reference_pos:85>]
```
\endsolution

## Which hits are reported?

Besides the max error configuration, you can specify the scope of the search algorithm. This means that you can control
which hits should be reported by the search.

### Hit configuration

To do so, you can use one of the following \ref search_configuration_subsection_hit_strategy "seqan3::search_cfg::hit_*"
configurations:

- seqan3::search_cfg::hit_all: Report all hits that satisfy the (approximate) search.
- seqan3::search_cfg::hit_single_best: Report the best hit, i.e. the *first* hit with the lowest edit distance.
- seqan3::search_cfg::hit_all_best: Report all hits with the lowest edit distance.
- seqan3::search_cfg::hit_strata: best+x strategy. Report all hits within the x-neighbourhood of the best hit.

> Opposed to the max error configuration, which allows a combination of the different error configuration objects, the hit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contrary to the max error configuration, which allows a combination of the different error configuration objects, the hit
```

configuration can only exists once within one search configuration. Trying to specify more than one hit configuration
in one search configuration will fail at compile time with a static assertion.
Sometimes the program you write requires to choose between different hit configurations depending on a user given
program argument at runtime. To handle such cases you can also use the dynamic configuration seqan3::search_cfg::hit.
This configuration object represents one of the four hit configurations mentioned previously and can be modified at
runtime. The following snippet gives an example for this scenario:

\snippet doc/tutorial/search/search_small_snippets.cpp hit_dynamic

> Note that the same rules apply to the dynamic as for the static hit configurations. Meaning, it can be added via the
> `|`-operator to the search configuration but cannot be combined with any other hit configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the same rules apply to both the dynamic and static hit configuration. That is, it can be added via the
`|`-operator to the search configuration but cannot be combined with any other hit configuration.
```

> A closer look to the strata configuration reveals that it is initialised with an additional parameter called the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A closer look at the strata configuration reveals that it is initialised with an additional parameter called the
```

`stratum`. The `stratum` can be modified even after it was added to the search configuration like the following example
demonstrates:

\snippet doc/tutorial/search/search_small_snippets.cpp hit_strata

> We introduced here a new concept when working with the seqan3::configuration object, which is much like the access

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we introduced a new concept when working with the seqan3::configuration object, which is much like the access
```

interface of a std::tuple. Concretely, it is possible to access the stored

> configuration using the `get<cfg_type>(cfg)` interface, where `cfg_type` it the name of the configuration type we like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configuration using the `get<cfg_type>(cfg)` interface, where `cfg_type` is the name of the configuration type we would like
```

to access. The `get` interface returns a reference to the stored object that is identified by the given name. If you

> try to access an object which does not exist within the search configuration a static assert will be omitted at compile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
try to access an object which does not exist within the search configuration, a static assert will be emitted at compile
```

> time, such that no invalid code can be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
time such that no invalid code can be generated.
```

\note We need to use the expression `using seqan3::get;` before we can call the `get` interface in order to allow the
      compiler to find the correct implementation of it based on the passed argument. This is related to how C++
      resolves unqualified lookup of free functions in combination with function templates using an explicit template
      argument such as the `get` interface does.

> So it remains the open question of what does the stratum actually do? In the above example, if the best hit found by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So, the open question remains what the stratum actually does. In the above example, if the best hit found by
```

the search for a particular query had an edit distance of 1, the strata strategy would report all hits with up to an

> edit distance of 3 before modifying the stratum and 2 after setting it to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
edit distance of 3.
```
I'm not sure what you want to say?

Author: That is part of the example which you don't see in the review mode :). I make it two different sentences though.

Author: or just omit the confusion at all.

Since in this example the total error number is set to 2, all hits with 1 or 2 errors would be reported.

\assignment{Assignment 4}
Search for all occurrences of `GCT` in the text from [assignment 1](#assignment_create_index).<br>
Allow up to 1 error of any type and print the number of hits for each hit strategy (use
`seqan3::search_cfg::strata{1}`).
\hint

>     You can use std::ranges::distance to get the size of any range. Depending on the underlying range properties this
>     algorithm, will use the most optimal way to compute the number of elements contained in the range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can use std::ranges::distance to get the size of any range. Depending on the underlying range properties, this
    algorithm will use the optimal way to compute the number of elements contained in the range.
```

Author: Yes, my comma was wrong and also most is not right. I am struggeling with your comma. I think the clause that starts with depending on is essential to the main clause that follows. So in that case I would not add a comma. But I am not entirely sure.

Reviewer: You start your sentence with the subordinate clause and not the main clause, so you put comma

```
\endsolution

## Controlling the search output

> When calling the search algorithm, a lazy range over seqan3::search_result objects is returned each representing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When calling the search algorithm, a lazy range over seqan3::search_result objects is returned, each representing a
```

algorithm based on the given search configuration, query and index. Only when iterating over the lazy search result
range, the actual search for every query is triggered. We have done this automatically in the previous examples when
printing the result to the seqan3::debug_stream which then invokes a range based iteration over the returned range or
by using the std::ranges::distance algorithm. However, in many cases we want to access the specific positions and
information stored in the seqan3::search_result object to proceed with our application. Since some information might be
more compute intensive then others there is a way to control what the final search result object will contain.

### Output configuration

The behaviour of the search algorithm is further controlled through the
\ref search_configuration_subsection_output "seqan3::search_cfg::output_*" configurations.
The following output configurations exists:

- seqan3::search_cfg::output_query_id
- seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_id
- seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_begin_position
- seqan3::search_cfg::output_index_cursor

> Similar to the max error configurations you can arbitrarily combine the configurations to customise the final output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the max error configurations, you can arbitrarily combine the configurations to customise the final output.
```

> For example, if you are only interested in the position of the hit within the reference sequence you can use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you are only interested in the position of the hit within the reference sequence, you can use the
```

> seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_begin_position configuration. If instead, you need access to the index where the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_begin_position configuration. If instead you need access to the index where the
```

Author: Ok, so here I am struggeling as well. I would think it could be rewritten as: `Instead, if ...` such that follows `If, instead, ...`, am I right?

Reviewer: I would go for `Instead, if you need to... hit was found, you can use`

> seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_begin_position configuration. If instead, you need access to the index where the

Author: ```suggestion
seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_begin_position configuration. Instead, if you need access to the index where the
```

> hit was found you can use the seqan3::search_cfg::output_index_cursor configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hit was found, you can use the seqan3::search_cfg::output_index_cursor configuration.
```

> \note If you do not provide any output configuration, then automatically the query id and reference_id, and the
>       reference begin position will be reported. If you select only one in your search configuration then only this one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\note If you do not provide any output configuration, then the query id and reference_id, and the
      reference begin position will be automatically reported. If you select only one in your search configuration, then only this one
```

      will be available in the final search result.

## One last exercise

> In the final example we will extend our previous search examples to also compute the alignment of the found hits their
> respective reference infixes. To do so we recommend to work through the \ref tutorial_pairwise_alignment tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the final example we will extend our previous search examples to also compute the alignment of the found hits and their
respective reference infixes. To do so, we recommend to work through the \ref tutorial_pairwise_alignment tutorial
```

- seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_begin_position
- seqan3::search_cfg::output_index_cursor

Similarly to the max error configurations, you can arbitrarily combine the configurations to customise the final output.
For example, if you are only interested in the position of the hit within the reference sequence, you can use the
seqan3::search_cfg::output_reference_begin_position configuration. If instead, you need access to the index where the
hit was found, you can use the seqan3::search_cfg::output_index_cursor configuration.

> \note If you do not provide any output configuration, then the query id and reference_id as well as the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\note If you do not provide any output configuration, then the query id and reference id as well as the
```
